

	
	- Client
	A device that initiates GATT commands and requests, and accepts responses, for example, a computer
	or smartphone.
	- Server
	A device that receives GATT commands and requests, and returns responses, for example, a
	temperature sensor.
	- Characteristic
	A data value transferred between client and server, for example, the current battery voltage.
	- Service
	A collection of related characteristics, which operate together to perform a particular function.
	For instance, the Health Thermometer service includes characteristics for a temperature measurement
	value, and a time interval between measurements.
	- Descriptor
	A descriptor provides additional information about a characteristic. For instance, a temperature
	value characteristic may have an indication of its units (e.g. Celsius), and the maximum and
	minimum values which the sensor can measure. Descriptors are optional - each characteristic can
	have any number of descriptors.
	
	- Some service and characteristic values are used for administrative purposes - for instance,
	the model name and serial number can be read as standard characteristics within the Generic
	Access service. Services may also include other services as sub-functions; the main functions of
	the device are so-called primary services, and the auxiliary functions they refer to are 
	secondary services.

- Identifiers
Services, characteristics, and descriptors are collectively referred to as attributes, and identified by UUIDs. 

Generic Access Profile (GAP)
	- GAP is an acronym for the Generic Access Profile, and it controls connections and advertising
	in Bluetooth. GAP is what makes your device visible to the outside world, and determines how two
	devices can (or can't) interact with each other.
	- There are two ways to send advertising out with GAP. The Advertising Data payload and the Scan
	Response payload.
	Both payloads are identical and can contain up to 31 bytes of data, but only the advertising
	data payload is mandatory, since this is the payload that will be constantly transmitted out
	from the device to let central devices in range know that it exists.

Generic Attribute Profile, (GATT)
	- it defines the way that two Bluetooth Low Energy devices transfer data back and forth using
	concepts called Services and Characteristics.
	- GATT comes into play once a dedicated connection is established between two devices, meaning
	that you have already gone through the advertising process governed by GAP.
	
Attribute Protocol (ATT) (is a generic data protocol)
	- is used to store Services, Characteristics and related data in a simple lookup table using
	16-bit IDs for each entry in the table.
 
Server/Client
	- The peripheral is known as the GATT Server, which holds the ATT lookup data and service and
	characteristic definitions, and the GATT Client (the phone/tablet), which sends requests to this
	server.
	
	